[Feature] Add segformer decode head and related train config (#599)
open-mmlab/mmsegmentation: configs/segformer/readme.md

|Segformer | MIT-B1 | 512x512 | 160000 | - | - | 40.97 | 42.54 | [config]() | [model]() &#124; [log]() |
|Segformer | MIT-B2 | 512x512 | 160000 | - | - | 45.58 | 47.03 | [config]() | [model]() &#124; [log]() |
|Segformer | MIT-B3 | 512x512 | 160000 | - | - | 47.82 | 48.81 | [config]() | [model]() &#124; [log]() |
|Segformer | MIT-B4 | 512x512 | 160000 | - | - | 48.46 | 49.76 | [config]() | [model]() &#124; [log]() |
|Segformer | MIT-B5 | 512x512 | 160000 | - | - | 49.13 | 50.22 | [config]() | [model]() &#124; [log]() |
|Segformer | MIT-B5 | 640x640 | 160000 | - | - | - | - | [config]() | [model]() &#124; [log]() |

Evaluation with AlignedResize:

| Method | Backbone | Crop Size | Lr schd | mIoU | mIoU(ms+flip) |
| ------ | -------- | --------- | ------: | ---: | ------------- |
|Segformer | MIT-B0 | 512x512 | 160000 | 38.1  | 38.57 |
|Segformer | MIT-B1 | 512x512 | 160000 | 41.64 | 42.76 |
|Segformer | MIT-B2 | 512x512 | 160000 | 46.53 | 47.49 |
|Segformer | MIT-B3 | 512x512 | 160000 | 48.46 | 49.14 |
|Segformer | MIT-B4 | 512x512 | 160000 | 49.34 | 50.29 |
|Segformer | MIT-B5 | 512x512 | 160000 | 50.08 | 50.72 |
|Segformer | MIT-B5 | 640x640 | 160000 | - | - |

> We replace `AlignedResize` to `Resize + ResizeToMultiple`. If you want to test by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We replace `AlignedResize` in original implementatiuon to `Resize + ResizeToMultiple`. If you want to test by
```

using `AlignedResize`, you can change the dataset pipeline like this:

```python
test_pipeline = [
    dict(type='LoadImageFromFile'),
    dict(
        type='MultiScaleFlipAug',
        img_scale=(2048, 512),
        # img_ratios=[0.5, 0.75, 1.0, 1.25, 1.5, 1.75],
        flip=False,
        transforms=[
            dict(type='Resize', keep_ratio=True),

>             dict(type='ResizeToMultiple', size_divisor=32),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            # resize image to multiple of 32, improve SegFormer by xx mIoU. 
            dict(type='ResizeToMultiple', size_divisor=32),
```

Reviewer: We may replace xx with a concrete number.

|Segformer | MIT-B1 | 512x512 | 160000 | 41.64 | 42.76 |
|Segformer | MIT-B2 | 512x512 | 160000 | 46.53 | 47.49 |
|Segformer | MIT-B3 | 512x512 | 160000 | 48.46 | 49.14 |
|Segformer | MIT-B4 | 512x512 | 160000 | 49.34 | 50.29 |
|Segformer | MIT-B5 | 512x512 | 160000 | 50.08 | 50.72 |
|Segformer | MIT-B5 | 640x640 | 160000 | 50.58 | 50.8  |

We replace `AlignedResize` in original implementatiuon to `Resize + ResizeToMultiple`. If you want to test by
using `AlignedResize`, you can change the dataset pipeline like this:

```python
test_pipeline = [
    dict(type='LoadImageFromFile'),
    dict(
        type='MultiScaleFlipAug',
        img_scale=(2048, 512),
        # img_ratios=[0.5, 0.75, 1.0, 1.25, 1.5, 1.75],
        flip=False,
        transforms=[
            dict(type='Resize', keep_ratio=True),
            # resize image to multiple of 32, improve SegFormer by 0.5-1.0 mIoU.
            dict(type='ResizeToMultiple', size_divisor=32),
            dict(type='RandomFlip'),
            dict(type='Normalize', **img_norm_cfg),
            dict(type='ImageToTensor', keys=['img']),
            dict(type='Collect', keys=['img']),
        ])
]
```

> Because the MixVisionTransformer is not supported by mmcls, we just can get backbone weights from official repo. We provide convert script to convert official weights in `tools/model_converters/mit_convert.py`. After converting, you need to modify `pretrained` of model config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We convert the backbone weights from the official repo (https://github.com/NVlabs/SegFormer) with `tools/model_converters/mit_convert.py`.
```
Also add cmd example.
